From This Moment until
today it's been
lifetime but just six
months I was at the backstage with
um one of my friends of here and then I
hear so I go out from the from the
backstage and I look for the sky and I
can't forget this Photograph because
it's looked apocalyptic thousands of
rockets I can see fly above my
[Music]
head I felt like my life is it's collaps
and I have nothing else and that's
[Music]
it after the 7 of October um me and all
my partners realized that if we don't
take the responsibility for all our
friends family brothers sisters and all
the participants that was at the party
around 3,000 500 people no one will take
the
responsibility one of the missions is to
take care and when I say to take care
it's to take care that everyone will
come back to their lives it's meant to
go back to University go back to take
care of your children if you're are a
parent take care of your family if
helping them take care of yourself we
have a long journey to go with all these
[Music]
people with the time goes
on little bit more optimistic more
optimistic more optimistic more
optimistic I see light it's far it's far
but I can see small small
light and I
follow